If evolution is fact, why do mothers only have two hands? 
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance. 
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
E-mail returned to sender, insufficient voltage.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous. 
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups. 
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
I’ve got a friend who has got a butler whose left arm is missing; serves him right
Man cannot live by bread alone, unless he's locked in a cage and that's all you feed him. 
A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good. 
The best bilge pump in the world is a terrified sailor with a bucket.
I stole things in the supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of vampires. I was charged with shoplifting on three counts
Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
A dog has an owner. A cat has a staff. 
When the old dog barks, better look out the window.
I visited the offices of the RSPCA today. It’s tiny; you couldn’t swing a cat in there
Take everything in moderation. Including moderation. 
I went to a pet shop. I said ‘Can I buy a goldfish?’ The guy said ‘Do you want an aquarium?’ I said ‘I don’t care what star sign it is’
You rarely observe a mob rushing across town to do a good deed.
Get a new car for your spouse - it'll be a great trade!
History occurs twice - the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce.
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory. 
I said "no" to drugs, but they just wouldn't listen. 
Isn't it scary that doctors call what they do "practice"?
As the rabbit said, if that ain't a wolf, it's a hell of a big dog.
Activity is the politician's substitute for achievement.
What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread? 
If you are feeling good, don't worry; you'll get over it.
A closed mouth gathers no foot. 
The best way to avoid growing old is not to be born so soon.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe. 
It's difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
The more I C, the less I see.
During the war, my grandfather could not stop scribbling; he got hit by a Doodlebug
Roughing it is television without cable.
Wear short sleeves; support your right to bare arms! 
IRS: We've got what it takes to take what you've got. 
If the universe is indeed insane, who is the asylum keeper ?
I was only looking at your nametag, honest!
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly. 
When there's a will, I want to be in it. 
I like to hold hands at the movies... which always seems to startle strangers.
I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.  
At best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum. What has been done cannot be undone.
Help stamp out, eliminate and abolish redundancy! 
Get too many irons in your fire and you'll put it out.
Is Marx's tomb a communist plot? 
Chocolate: the OTHER major food group. 
It is often easier to find the truth than it is to accept it.
God made everything out of nothing. But the nothingness shows through.
I got some new underwear yesterday. Well, it was new to me. 
My mind is like a steel trap, rusty and illegal in 37 states. 
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Lottery: a tax on people who are bad at math.
Any closet is a walk-in closet if you try hard enough. 
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn’t listen.
I heard a great joke about amnesia but I forgot it.
Tyranny is always better organized than freedom is.
No one is listening until you make a mistake. 
This policeman came up to me with a pencil and a piece of very thin paper. He said ‘I want you to trace someone for me’
Parker's Law: Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
The first time I got a universal remote control I thought to myself, "This changes everything".
I'm writing a book. I've got the page numbers done. 
Two rights do not make a wrong, they make an airplane. 
The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it. 
A hangover is the wrath of grapes. 
A liberal is just a conservative that hasn't been mugged yet.  
Bullshit baffles brains.
Remember half the people you know are below average. 
I went to the icecream shop and said ‘I want to buy an icecream’ He said ‘Hundreds and thousands?’ I said ‘We’ll start with the one’
If a man with no arms has a gun, is he armed? 
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.
Ask to see my tattoo of a rose, but don't ask outside. I'm constantly bothered by bees.
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others. 
Selfstarters - will not.
Gargling is a good way to see if your throat leaks. 
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how popular it remains? 
Oh Lord, give me patience, and GIVE IT TO ME NOW! 
Law remains long after justice flees.
Lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for.
Taking something with a grain of salt may raise your blood pressure.
The brain is a wonderful organ:  it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
Clones are people two.
If you try to please everybody, nobody will like it.
Less of a good thing is sometimes better - ask anyone on a diet.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Is Sonny really kookoo for Cocoa Puffs, or is he just being paid to say that?
I rang up my local swimming baths. I said ‘Is that the local swimming baths?’ He said ‘It depends where you’re calling from’
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts. 
Bend the facts to fit the conclusion. It's easier that way.
To a little fish, the waters are always deep.
When blondes have more fun, do they know it? 
Pampered cows produce spoiled milk.
The dyslexic devil worshipper sold his soul to Santa.
Guns don't kill people, postal workers do. 
You can't win.
Timing has an awful lot to do with the outcome of a rain dance. 
Heck is where people go who don't believe in Gosh. 
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.
The successful enjoyment of vice requires training and long practice.
Why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? He wanted to win the No-bell prize!
Have a nice day...somewhere else.
Somebody who knows how will always have a job. Working for someone who knows why. 
Plan to be spontaneous, tomorrow. 
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it. 
When everything’s coming your way, you’re in the wrong lane.
The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink? 
To hear tell a hundred times is not as good as once seeing.
He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead. 
There's too much blood in my caffeine system. 
I was at sea the other day and loads of meat floated past; it was a bit choppy
Confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better.
You know you’re ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
I like my women like I like my coffee. Cold and bitter.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking. 
Time is a great healer, but a terrible beautician. 
If Helen Keller had ESP, would you say she had a fourth sense? 
Justice must not only be done; it must be seen to be believed.
Even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
The colder the x-ray table, the more of your body is required on it. 
One snowman asks another, “Do you smell carrots?”
Me and my recliner - we go WAY back. 
Strip mining prevents forest fires. 
I just let my mind wander, and it didn’t come back.
I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem. 
I wouldn't be caught dead with a necrophiliac. 
Why do farts smell? So deaf people can enjoy them too.
Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
Is there another word for synonym? 
More hay, Trigger? No thanks, Roy, I'm stuffed! 
I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose. 
I went to the record shop and I said ‘What have you got by The Doors?’ He said ‘A bucket of sand and a fire blanket!’
Dyspraxics are people three. (thanks to Skip Tucker) 
I’m not very good at magic; I can only do half of a trick. Yes, I’m a member of the Magic Semi-circle
The gene pool could use a little chlorine. 
A sense of decency is often a decent man's undoing.
What should you do if you see an endangered animal eating an endangered plant? 
I refused to believe my road worker father was stealing from his job, but when I got home all the signs were there.
If truth were a matter of opinion, then the majority would always be right.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
I was busier than a beaver in a coffee lake. 
The trouble with life is there's no background music. 
I was more nervous than a ceiling fan storeowner with a comb-over. 
I don't want buns of steel. I want buns of cinnamon. 
So this lorry full of tortoises collided with a van full of terrapins. It was a turtle disaster
Beer: It's not just for breakfast anymore. 
Smile, it's the second best thing you can do with your lips. 
Why is there always so much month left at the end of the money ?
Shrink not from blasphemy - t'will pass for wit.
Two wrongs are only the beginning. 
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't. 
Half the people in the world are below average. 
A friend of mine always wanted to be run over by a steam train. When it happened, he was chuffed to bits!
If a parsley farmer is sued do they garnish his wages? 
The best way to save face is to keep the lower half closed.
Be a corporate good citizen; hire the morally handicapped.
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive. 
I have a screwdriver in my hand. This is not a drill. Repeat, this is not a drill. 
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing! 
He who dies with the most toys, wins!
Work smarder and not harder and be careful of yor speling.
Time is the best teacher; unfortunately, it kills all of its students. 
Money isn't everything, but it sure keeps the kids in touch. 
Consciousness: that annoying time between naps. 
People say I’m condescending. That means I talk down to people.
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got. 
Those that forget the pasta are doomed to reheat it. 
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the telly
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If the thought of growing old bothers you, consider the alternative.
I was taking the motorway out of London. A policeman pulled me over and said ‘Put it back’
I went into a shop and I said ‘Can someone sell me a kettle’ The bloke said ‘Kenwood’ I said ‘Where is he?’
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard. 
Schizophrenia beats being alone. 
Cheer up. The first hundred years are the hardest!
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue. 
If you spread out all the sand in North Africa, it would cover the Sahara Desert. 
Whenever I’m in Italy I become a rickety old table. I guess I’m just a hopeless Rome antique
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it. 
Is a shell-less turtle homeless or just naked? 
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
After I’ve had an argument I sometimes hold a Hoover over my head. It helps clear the air
Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat. 
Television is chewing gum for the eyes.
BNAG – that’s BANG out of order!
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo! 
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name. 
Do they use sterilized needles for lethal injections? 
Me and my brother inherited some furniture from the local zoo. I’m glad to say I got the lion’s chair
Honk if you want to see my finger. 
My wild oats have turned to shredded wheat! 
My next door neighbour worships exhaust pipes, he’s a catholic converter
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere. 
I’ll tell you what I love doing more than anything; trying to pack myself in a small suitcase. I can hardly contain myself
