Most days I wish I never met you because then I could sleep at night and I wouldn't have to walk around with the knowledge there was someone like you out there.  (Good Will Hunting)
The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love.  (Henry Miller)
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything.  (Martin Luther King)
If you have to ask what it symbolizes, it doesn't.  (Roger Ebert)
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.  (Henry Ford (1863-1947))
The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today.    (Les Brown)
It's not at all important to get it right the first time. It's vitally important to get it right the last time.  (Andrew Hunt and David Thomas)
The belief in the possibility of a short decisive war appears to be one of the most ancient and dangerous of human illusions.  (Robert Lynd)
The best career advice to give the young is, find out what you like doing best and get someone else to pay you for doing it.  (Katherine Whilehaen)
Multitasking /adj./ 3 PCs and a chair with wheels !  (unknown)
If you speak the truth, have one foot in the stirrup.  (Turkish proverb)
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.  (J. R. R. Tolkien)
There is something deeply offensive about old men starting wars that young men must fight.  (Unknown)
Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech.   (Martin Fraquhar Tupper)
You can't say civilizations don't advance, because they kill you in a new way in each war.  (Will Rogers)
Whenever you find you are on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.    (Mark Twain)
There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home.  (Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp., 1977)
You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.  (Brian Tracy)
Insanity in individuals is something rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.  (Nietzsche)
If you agree with me on 8 out of 12 things, you're ok. If you agree with me on 12 out of 12, you need to see a psychiatrist.  (NYC Mayor Ed Koch)
If you want to get laid, go to college, but if you want an education, go to the library.  (Frank Zappa)
To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.  (Copernicus)
There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.  (Oscar Wilde on Alexander Pope)
Mason's First Law Of Synergism: The one day you'd sell you soul for something, souls are a glut.
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.  (Theodore Isaac Rubin)
Most people worry about their own bellies, and other people's souls, when we all ought to worry about our own souls and other people's bellies (Israel Salanter)
You can't wake a person who is pretending to be asleep.  (Native Proverb)
There are perhaps 5% of the population that simply *can't* think. There are another 5% who *can*, and *do*. The remaining 90% *can* think, but *don't*.  (Robert A. Heinlein)
When we seek for connection, we restore the world to wholeness. Our seemingly separate lives become meaningful as we discover how truly necessary we are to each other.  (Margaret Wheatley)
It hurts to let go. Sometimes it seems the harder you try to hold on to something or someone the more it wants to get away. You feel like some kind of criminal for having felt, for having wanted. For having wanted to be wanted.  (Henry Rollins)
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.  (Albert Einstein)
Finagle's Rules:   1. To study an application best, understand it thoroughly before you start.   2. Always keep a record of data. It indicates you've been working.   3. Always draw your curves, then plot the reading.   4. In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.   5. Program results should always be reproducible. They should all fail in the same way.   6. Do not believe in miracles. Rely on them.
Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.  (Gandhi)
I carry a gun because a cop is too heavy.  (unknown)
Conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives  (John Stuart Mill)
The United States is not nearly so concerned that its acts be kept secret from its intended victims as it is that the American people not know of them.  (Ramsey Clark)
I think hell is something you carry around with you. Not somewhere you go.  (Neil Gaiman)
The greatest artists of this world are never puritans, and seldom even ordinarily respectable.  (H. L. Mencken)
Give me six hours to chop down a tree, and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.  (Abraham Lincoln)
Never was anything great achieved without danger.  (Niccolo Machiavelli)
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.  (George Carlin)
I worship the quicksand he walks in.  (Art Buchwald)
Distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes.  (Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862))
The believer is happy; the doubter is wise.  (Hungarian Proverb)
The cynics are right nine times out of ten.  (Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956))
Don't waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.  (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
A belligerent state permits itself every such misdeed, every such act of violence, as would disgrace the individual.  (Sigmund Freud)
We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.  (Kurt Vonnegut)
Wisdom cannot be imparted. Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else ... Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.   ( Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha)
Stop saying, This is the most important election in the history of our nation. It's not. The most important election in the history of our nation was when Abraham Lincoln was elected President. Before that, we thought it was okay to own people. (Bryan Roberts)
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.  (John Kenneth Galbraith)
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.  (Groucho Marx (1895-1977))
Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.  (Friedrich Nietzsche)
The Last One's Law Of Program Generators: A program generator creates programs that are more buggy than the programgenerator.
If complete and utter chaos was lightning, then he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'All gods are bastards!  (Terry Pratchett (The Color of Magic))
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country.  (Elayne Boosler)
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.  (Eleanor Roosevelt)
The dangerous patriot ... is a defender of militarism and its ideals of war and glory.  (Colonel James A. Donovan, Marine Corps)
Money is neither my god nor my devil. It is a form of energy that tends to make us
I never change, I simply become more myself.   ( Joyce Carol Oates, Solstice)
It is your business, when the wall next door catches fire.  (Horace)
I criticize by creation - not by finding fault.  (Cicero (106-43 B.C.))
... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.  (Robert Firth)
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth, because they don't want their illusions destroyed  (Nietzsche)
The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.  (Muhammad Ali)
Start by doing what's necessary, then do what's possible, and suddenly... you are doing the impossible.  (Francis of Assisi)
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands. You seek problems because you need their gifts.  (Richard Bach)
The process of preparing programs for a digital computer is especially attractive, not only because it can be economically and scientifically rewarding, but also because it can be an aesthetic experience much like composing poetry or music.  (Donald Knuth)
I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive.  (Joseph Campbell)
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.  (Abraham Lincoln)
The abdomen, the chest, and the brain will forever be shut from the intrusion of the wise and humane surgeon.  (Sir John Eric Ericksen, British surgeon, appointed Surgeon-Extraordinary to Queen Victoria 1873.)
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin.  (John von Neumann (1903-1957))
The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it's as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues.  (Terry Pratchett (Moving Pictures))
We can repair anything. (Please knock hard on the door - the bell doesn't work.)  (Sign on door of repair shop)
I believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people. Between five, it's fantastic.  (Woody Allen)
That's why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.  (George Carlin)
I had a lover's quarrel with the world.  (Robert Frost)
A tree with strong roots can withstand the most violent storm, but the tree can't grow roots just as the storm appears on the horizon.  (Dalai Lama)
Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what's right.  (Isaac Asimov)
Small minds run in the same gutter.  (Alfred E. Neuman)
No, you can't deny women their basic rights and pretend it's about your 'religious freedom.' If you don't like birth control, don't use it. Religious freedom doesn't mean you can force others to live by your own beliefs.  (A powerful quote by Barack Obama)
Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist.  (Epicurus.)
The more conscious you become, the more aware you become of how unconscious you've been.  (Patricia Sun)
Ever notice that anyone going slower than you is an idiot, but anyone going faster is a maniac?  (George Carlin)
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.  ( Jiddu Krisnamurti)
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.  (Satchel Paige)
If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.  (Andrew Carnegie)
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy is when men are afraid of the light.  (Plato)
We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office.  (Aesop)
God is love, but get it in writing.  (Gypsy Rose Lee.)
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.  ( Margaret Laurence)
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently  (Friedrich Nietzsche)
Hind's Law of Computer Programming:   1. Any given program, when running, is obsolete.   2. If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.   3. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.   4. Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.   5. The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.   6. Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who must maintain it.   7. Make it possible for programmers to write programs in English, and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. 
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.  (Zig Ziglar)
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.  (Marechal Ferdinand Foch, Professor of Strategy, Ecole Superieure de Guerre.)
You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the great struggle for independence.  (Attributed to Charles Austin Beard)
For animals, the entire universe has been neatly divided into things to (a) mate with, (b) eat, (c) run away from, and (d) rocks.  (Terry Pratchett (Equal Rites))
Our job is to give people not what they want, but what we decide they ought to have.  (Richard Salent, Former President CBS News)
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time; serenity, that nothing is.  ( Thomas Szasz)
A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.  (Unknown)
Little evil would be done in the world if evil never could be done in the name of good.  (Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach)
Villains who twirl their mustaches are easy to spot. Those who cloak themselves in good deeds are well camouflaged.Waiting for the right climate in which to flourish, spreading fear in the name of righteousness  (Jean-Luke Piccard)
True religion is the life we lead, not the creed we profess.   (Louis Nizer)
This is the way of peace: Overcome evil with good, and falsehood with truth, and hatred with love.  (Peace Pilgrim)
Time wounds all heels.  (Jane Ace)
We are dangerous when we are not conscious of our responsibility for how we behave, think, and feel.  (Marshall B. Rosenberg)
They call it The American Dream because you have to be asleep to believe it.  (George Carlin)
Don't let success go to your head and failure to your heart  (Will Smith)
Facts are stupid things.  (Ronald Reagan, Former U.S. President)
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.  (Walt Disney (1901-1966))
The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.  (unknown)
You think fairy tales are only for girls? Here's a hint -...  (David Levithan, Dash and Lily's Book of Dares)
Programming is one of the most difficult branches of applied mathematics; the poorer mathematicians had better remain pure mathematicians.  (Edsger Dijkstra)
And all I loved, I loved alone.  (Edgar Allan Poe)
Education is the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty.  ( Mark Twain)
Early to rise and early to bed. Makes a male healthy, wealthy and dead.  (James Thurber.)
Security is when everything is settled, when nothing can happen to you; security is the denial of life.  (Germaine Greer)
The first step toward change is acceptance. Once you accept yourself, you open the door to change.  (Will Garcia)
Modern morality and manners suppress all natural instincts, keep people ignorant of the facts of nature and make them fighting drunk on bogey tales.  (Aleister Crowley)
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?  (George W. Bush)
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.  ( Plato)
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me "Can you give me a lift?" I said "Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it."  (Tommy Cooper)
I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.  (Umberto Eco)
I am searching for the bones of your father but cannot distinguish them from those of a slave.  ( Diogenes of Sinope (as he was asked by Alexander the Great what he was doing when staring into a pile of bones))
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.  (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.  (Carl Jung)
The police are not here to create disorder. They're here to preserve disorder.  (Ex-Chicago Mayor Daley during the 1968 riots)
You find somebody you like and you roll the dice. That's all anybody can do.  (Ron Swanson)
The degree of one's emotion varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts. The less you know, the hotter you get.  (Bertrand Russel)
Unformed people delight in the gaudy and in novelty. Cooked people delight in the ordinary.  (Erik Naggum)
Debugging a Direct3D application can be challenging.  (Microsoft's Direct3D Immediate Mode overview.)
If you believe in a god, just tell me why you don't believe in all the other gods. The reasons you give will be why I don't believe in yours. (Ricky Gervais)
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?  (bumper sticker)
A tyrant is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader.  (Plato)
Two attitudes are all that is needed; do not harm anything, say and do things that make others happy.  (dreamslaughter)
Albrecht's Law: Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well-being.
God created war so that Americans would learn geography.  (Mark Twain)
Always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual.  (Terry Pratchett (Jingo))
Gratitude is the heart's memory.  (French Proverb)
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.  (Robert Orben)
But what ... is it good for?  (Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, 1968,commenting on the microchip.)
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.  (Elvis Presley (1935-1977))
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us a equals. (Winston Churchill)
Is it not a strange blindness on our part to teach publicly the techniques of warfare and to reward with medals those who prove to be the most adroit killers?  (Marquis de Sade)
A picture is worth a thousand words (which is why it takes a thousand times longer to load...)  (Eric Tilton, Composing Good HTML)
If a patient cannot clean his teeth, no dentist can clean them for him.  (Martin H. Fischer)
The best way to predict the future is to invent it...   (Alan Kay)
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it or who has said it, not even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.   (Buddha)
I believe the greater the handicap, the greater the triumph.  (John H. Johnson)
Whenever I climb I am followed by a dog called 'Ego'. (Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900))
Before you act, listen. Before you react, think. Before you spend, earn. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.  (Ernest Hemingway)
The result of our people-judgments is that we often throw away someone's ideas because they are voiced by the wrong person or because we don't agree with all of their ideas.  (Thayer White)
Unless Americans come to realize that they are not stronger in the world because they have the bomb but weaker because of their vulnerability to atomic attack, they are not likely to conduct their policy, in a spirit that furthers the arrival at an understanding.  (Albert Einstein)
The best people possess a feeling for beauty, the courage to take risks, the discipline to tell the truth, the capacity for sacrifice. Ironically, their virtues make them vulnerable; they are often wounded, sometimes destroyed.  ( Ernest Hemingway)
And the little screaming fact that sounds through all history: repression works only to strengthen and knit the repressed.  (John Steinbeck)
Copy and paste is a design error  (David Parnas)
No act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.  (Aesop)
Let's be very honest about what this is about. It's not about bashing Democrats, it's not about taxes, they have no idea what the Boston tea party was about, they don't know their history at all. This is about hating a black man in the White House.  This is racism straight up.  (Janeane Garofalo)
Weiler's Law: Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do the work.
Creativity is a marrying of our values, which determine the field of our endeavor, with our intentions, which draw to us the people, resources and finance. Creative genius values love and service and intends whatever is most urgently required.  (Wallace Huey.)
We will be known by the tracks we leave behind.  (Dakota proverb)
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.  (Anthony Burgess)
Love your enemies, for they tell you your faults.  (Benjamin Franklin)
...as hollow as the o in god...  (Marilyn Manson)
Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure.  (Oliver Herford (1863-1935))
We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.   ( George Bernard Shaw)
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.  (Winston Churchill)
When I was a kid, there were lots of parties I wasn't invited to. I showed up anyway. I stood there with a big smile on my face and said, I'm here. and headed right for the food. Sure, they didn't want me there, but I had a great time. And if they didn't, so what?   (Al Bundy)
Comedy is nothing more than tragedy deferred.  (Pico Iyer, Time)
Two men were examining the output of the new computer in their department. After an hour or so of analyzing the data, one of them remarked: 'Do you realize it would take 400 men at least 250 years to make a mistake this big ?'
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. As long as this exists, and it certainly always will, then there will be comfort for every sorrow, whatever the circumstances may be.  (Anne Frank)
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.  (Rumi)
You are responsible for your life. You can't keep blaming somebody else for your dysfunction. Life is really about moving on.  (Oprah Winfrey)
You get told that the world is the way it is, but life can be much broader once you discover one simple fact; and that is that everything around you that you call life was made up by people no smarter than you. Once you learn that, youll never be the same again.  (Steve Jobs)
Life's not about waiting for the storms to pass... it's about learning to dance in the rain.  (B.J. Gallagher)
A towel has immense psychological value. ... A man who can hitch the length and breadth of the galaxy, rough it, slum it, struggle against terrible odds, win through, and still knows where his towel is, is clearly a man to be reckoned with.
Wise men make proverbs, but fools repeat them.   (Samuel Palmer (1805-80))
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.  (Thomas Jefferson)
In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of another. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so.  (Immanuel Kant)
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time.  (Elwyn B. White)
Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.  (Albert Einstein)
Time flies. It's up to you to be the navigator.  (Robert Orben)
In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.  (George Orwell)
If you're going through hell, keep going.  (Winston Churchill)
A man who is afraid will do anything.  (Jawaharlal Nehru)
Let the Fourth of July always be a reminder...that man is born with certain God-given rights; that government is only a convenience created and managed by the people, with no powers of its own, except those voluntarily granted to it by the people.  (Ronald Reagan)
Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware. Hardware has limitations, software doesn't. It's a real shame that Turing machines are so poor at I/O.
How can you have a war on terrorism when war itself is terrorism?  (Howard Zinn)
Be undeniably good   ( Steve Martin)
When people ask me if I went to film school I tell them, 'no, I went to films.  (Quentin Tarantino)
I would have made a good Pope.  (Richard M. Nixon (1913-1994))
Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value.  (Albert Einstein)
If It's Freedom We Hate, Why Didn't We Attack Sweden? Osama Bin Laden
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.  (Mike Murdock)
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.  (H. G. Wells (1866-1946))
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.  (W. Somerset Maugham.)
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.  (Chuck Palahniuk)
Living is change; Growth is optional.  (Juan Wa Chang)
